Jordan Dominique Wilkins and I ask you
fellas if you thought Jordan should let
him go first or not well I think that
Jordan probably did the right thing he's
going to put the pressure on Wilkins and
Dominique is going to give a little
Running Start to this one not much
though from high
above the rim well out in front I think
that's the key as well is the height how
far out in front he caught it when is
able to hammer at home and again he
makes it look like it's routine but why
should we look how far away is that's a
great start for dominate and look still
going up when he right and he stayed up
for so long took off from just inside
the bottom of that circle and was able
to throw it through with authority as he
tossed it up from the top of the key
we'll watch one more time there he is
from the top of the key the perfect toss
the perfect timing and look they stay up
up and close it through a power and the
perfect score of 50 on that dump from
Dominique Wilkins now the defending
champion now Jordan does have his first
taste of pressure in the slam dunk
competition
I'm predicting a 50 on that
be hard not to give 50 on that one Steve
that was impressive
that time he did the two-hander double
clutch as he did looked like to kiss the
rim type before he got a 50
Jordan goes up and takes it way down and
it hammers it home over the top and
you'll see from way up high just how
difficult it is and we'll see the
Dominique Wilkins reaction it looks like
a heavyweight fighter who's just taking
a roundhouse right now he's gonna set to
another one so that's the second 50 of
the day for Michael Jordan but remember
the scores from previous rounds don't
advance this is the championship
Dominique Wilkins and Michael Jordan
into the floor flight 45 being shot
someplace that one exploded at the
bottom of the net that even has a
Chicago fans coming because the power
the Dominique has he has more power than
any dunker that I've seen play this game
with the creativity also going along
with it Gary comes up in the air look at
the legs look at the arms the windmill
and power he almost lost it
let's check the judges out I after he
hit that one who they were impressed
enough to give him a 50 his second 50 in
the three dunk championship competition
there is a dunk off in case there's a
tie a sudden dunk
yeah you know what he's telling Greg
Anderson yada that'll get some heat on
him now we're gonna see what the gut
judges will do now
Jordan for his second 50 on the first
oh look what's going through his mind he
said earlier sometimes he doesn't decide
until
like a figure 8 with the double clutch
this
a championship crowd you know and they
are trading big heavy right punches
Jordan took a long time to think about
this nobody had to get two judges
attendees
oh that is some great creativity and you
notice he's going with the two-hander
steep to get a little more power as we
watch the reaction of Dominique Wilkins
as Mike going in for the dunk and he
just waits to see what the score is
there's another look at that dunk now
watch when he takes off look at the way
he moves the ball from the right down
low to the left two hands and throws it
through with authority these judges are
going to need the National Guard to get
out of Chicago Stadium it's a hostile
ugly crowd now well Dominique only needs
to come up with a welcome Mesa come up
with a great dunk here if he gets a 49
or a 48 49 he can't lose her 40 48
I guarantee you do not
guaranteed a two-handed window
and the judges are going through their
entire lives are flashing in front of
their eyes
47 Michael gets the 15 minutes a dunk
off Dominique Wilkins come in and again
with the power and authority low with
two hands and the judges of awarding
Dominique Wilkins have 45 incredible
what do we call it a make good I mean
that's a two-hand window with authority
from the sideline let's watch this one
again Barry comes takes off - heads up
down around and through with two hands
for Michael Jordan here's the story
Wilkins finishes with 100
Michael Jordan needs a 48 - time
to win you don't think the crowd has
some influence on the judges on that
last well they're on their feet here at
Chicago Stadium here's another guy that
relishes the channel again pressure but
again creativity and imagination is the
key plus he's got to make the dunk
he needs a 48 to tie a 49 to win the
defending slam dunk champion Michael
Jordan if he were to win this he'd be
the only two-time winner in the
four-year slam
Larry man 1 it
to the middle of the backcourt now he's
going to the baseline
crowd let you know what they peek on it
we will wait for the judges of 48 ties
this championship and he took off
further inside that he did the last time
but it's still a spectacular though and
certainly deserving of the high score
that he received Steve but Dominique
Wilkins got the short end of a very
impressive dunk consistent judging all
day until the last two ducks prior to
this the 47th in the 45 note was passed
down to the judge